.TH "tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base" 3 "17 Oct 2007" "Version 1" "TLM 2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base \- Class \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP: This class is a base class for tlm_target port class.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <tlm_ports.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBtlm_ports::tlm_target_port< IF >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtlm_target_port_base\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBData members access methods\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_tlm_export_id\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the port id. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_tlm_export_id\fP (int tlm_export_id)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the port id. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregister_target_port\fP (\fBthis_type\fP *target_port)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister the target port. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & \fBget_target_port_list\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the vector of registered target port(s). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_target_port_list\fP (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > &target_port_list)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the vector of registered target port(s) (port propagation). \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBm_tlm_export_id\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPort instance ID. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > \fBm_target_port_list\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItarget port objects registration \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP \fBthis_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP: This class is a base class for tlm_target port class. 


.br
 It provides a container to store registered target ports as pointer list. 
.br
 In addition, it provides a target port ID used by to identify the input export port. This ID is injected in the request structure by the initiator at run time.
.PP

.br
 Accessors are provided for the port list and port ID. 
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP \fBtlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::this_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::tlm_target_port_base ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::get_tlm_export_id () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the port id. 
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::set_tlm_export_id (int tlm_export_id)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the port id. 
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::register_target_port (\fBthis_type\fP * target_port)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Register the target port. 
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *>& tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::get_target_port_list ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the vector of registered target port(s). 
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::set_target_port_list (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & target_port_list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the vector of registered target port(s) (port propagation). 
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBtlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::m_tlm_export_id\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Port instance ID. 
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *> \fBtlm_ports::tlm_target_port_base::m_target_port_list\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
target port objects registration 
.PP
Direct registration of the target port(s) into current target port. 
.br
 Used for transaction recording and target port id propagation in case of target port binding through a module hierarchy 
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file tlm_ports.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TLM 2 from the source code.
