.TH "tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base" 3 "17 Oct 2007" "Version 1" "TLM 2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base \- Class \fBtlm_initiator_port_base\fP: This class is a base class for tlm_initiator port.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <tlm_ports.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port< IF, N >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtlm_initiator_port_base\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBData members access methods\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregister_target_port\fP (\fBtarget_port_type\fP *target_port)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister the target port. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBtarget_port_type\fP * > & \fBget_target_port_list\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the vector of registered target port(s). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_target_port_list\fP (std::vector< \fBtarget_port_type\fP * > &target_port_list)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the vector of registered target port(s) (port propagation). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregister_initiator_port\fP (\fBthis_type\fP *initiator_port)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister the initiator port in the regular list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & \fBget_initiator_port_list\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the vector of registered initiator port(s). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_initiator_port_list\fP (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > &initiator_port_list)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the vector of registered initiator port(s) (port propagation). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreversed_register_initiator_port\fP (\fBthis_type\fP *initiator_port)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister the initiator port in the reversed list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & \fBget_reversed_initiator_port_list\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the vector of registered initiator port(s), reversed list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_reversed_initiator_port_list\fP (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > &initiator_port_list)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the vector of registered initiator port(s) (port propagation) reversed list. \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcreate_port_list\fP (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > &port_list)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates the initiator port list from a non NULL initiator_port_type * list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBtarget_port_type\fP * > \fBm_target_port_list\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsc_export objects registration \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > \fBm_initiator_port_list\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsc_port objects registration \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > \fBm_reversed_initiator_port_list\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsc_port objects registration \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBtlm_initiator_port_base\fP \fBthis_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP \fBtarget_port_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class \fBtlm_initiator_port_base\fP: This class is a base class for tlm_initiator port. 


.br
 It provides a container to store registered target ports as pointer list (required for target port ID propagation and transaction recording). 
.br
 It provides also two containers to store registered initiator ports as pointer list:
.IP "\(bu" 2
The first container registers initiator port from 'deeper' initiator port to the the initiator port directly bound to the interface.
.IP "\(bu" 2
The second list, named reversed list, allows the port directly bound to the interface to propagate its target port list to 'deeper' initiator ports.
.PP
.PP

.br
 Accessors are provided for all the port lists. 
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBtlm_initiator_port_base\fP \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::this_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 196 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "typedef \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::target_port_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port< IF, N >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 197 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::tlm_initiator_port_base ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 204 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::register_target_port (\fBtarget_port_type\fP * target_port)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Register the target port. 
.PP
Definition at line 216 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBtarget_port_type\fP *>& tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::get_target_port_list ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the vector of registered target port(s). 
.PP
Definition at line 221 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::set_target_port_list (std::vector< \fBtarget_port_type\fP * > & target_port_list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the vector of registered target port(s) (port propagation). 
.PP
Definition at line 226 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::register_initiator_port (\fBthis_type\fP * initiator_port)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Register the initiator port in the regular list. 
.PP
Definition at line 233 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *>& tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::get_initiator_port_list ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the vector of registered initiator port(s). 
.PP
Definition at line 238 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::set_initiator_port_list (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & initiator_port_list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the vector of registered initiator port(s) (port propagation). 
.PP
Definition at line 243 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::reversed_register_initiator_port (\fBthis_type\fP * initiator_port)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Register the initiator port in the reversed list. 
.PP
Definition at line 250 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *>& tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::get_reversed_initiator_port_list ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the vector of registered initiator port(s), reversed list. 
.PP
Definition at line 255 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::set_reversed_initiator_port_list (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & initiator_port_list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the vector of registered initiator port(s) (port propagation) reversed list. 
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "void tlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::create_port_list (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & port_list)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Creates the initiator port list from a non NULL initiator_port_type * list. 
.PP
Reentreant function to create the complete list of bound initiator_port 
.PP
Definition at line 292 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::vector<\fBtarget_port_type\fP *> \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::m_target_port_list\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
sc_export objects registration 
.PP
Direct registration of the bound target port(s) into current initiator port 
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *> \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::m_initiator_port_list\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
sc_port objects registration 
.PP
Direct registration of the bound initiator port into current initiator port 
.PP
Definition at line 280 of file tlm_ports.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *> \fBtlm_ports::tlm_initiator_port_base::m_reversed_initiator_port_list\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
sc_port objects registration 
.PP
Direct registration of the current initiator port into the bound initiator port for port propagation: all bound initiator ports get back the same target_port_list 
.PP
Definition at line 287 of file tlm_ports.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TLM 2 from the source code.
