.TH "tlm_target_port_base" 3 "17 Oct 2007" "Version 1" "TLM 2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
tlm_target_port_base \- Class \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP: This class is a base class for tlm_target port class.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <tlm_target_port_base.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBtlm_target_port< IF >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtlm_target_port_base\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBData members access methods\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_tlm_export_id\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the port id. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_tlm_export_id\fP (int tlm_export_id)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the port id. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregister_target_port\fP (\fBthis_type\fP *target_port)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister the target port. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & \fBget_target_port_list\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the vector of registered target port(s). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_target_port_list\fP (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > &target_port_list)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the vector of registered target port(s) (port propagation). \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBm_tlm_export_id\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPort instance ID. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > \fBm_target_port_list\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItarget port objects registration \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP \fBthis_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP: This class is a base class for tlm_target port class. 


.br
 It provides a container to store registered target ports as pointer list. 
.br
 In addition, it provides a target port ID used by to identify the input export port. This ID is injected in the request structure by the initiator at run time.
.PP

.br
 Accessors are provided for the port list and port ID. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBtlm_target_port_base\fP \fBtlm_target_port_base::this_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tlm_target_port_base::tlm_target_port_base ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
References m_target_port_list.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int tlm_target_port_base::get_tlm_export_id () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the port id. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
References m_tlm_export_id.
.SS "void tlm_target_port_base::set_tlm_export_id (int tlm_export_id)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the port id. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
References m_tlm_export_id.
.PP
Referenced by tlm_target_port< IF >::before_end_of_elaboration().
.SS "void tlm_target_port_base::register_target_port (\fBthis_type\fP * target_port)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Register the target port. 
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
References m_target_port_list.
.PP
Referenced by tlm_target_port< IF >::bind().
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *>& tlm_target_port_base::get_target_port_list ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the vector of registered target port(s). 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
References m_target_port_list.
.PP
Referenced by tlm_target_port< IF >::before_end_of_elaboration(), tlm_target_port< IF >::bind(), and tlm_target_port< IF >::end_of_elaboration().
.SS "void tlm_target_port_base::set_target_port_list (std::vector< \fBthis_type\fP * > & target_port_list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the vector of registered target port(s) (port propagation). 
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
References m_target_port_list.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBtlm_target_port_base::m_tlm_export_id\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Port instance ID. 
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by get_tlm_export_id(), and set_tlm_export_id().
.SS "std::vector<\fBthis_type\fP *> \fBtlm_target_port_base::m_target_port_list\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
target port objects registration 
.PP
Direct registration of the target port(s) into current target port. 
.br
 Used for transaction recording and target port id propagation in case of target port binding through a module hierarchy 
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file tlm_target_port_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by get_target_port_list(), register_target_port(), set_target_port_list(), and tlm_target_port_base().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TLM 2 from the source code.
